.TH MTASC "1" "February 2006" "mtasc " "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mtasc \- ActionScript 2 to Flash (SWF) compiler
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This manual page documents briefly the \fBmtasc\fR command.
.PP
It was written for Debian as \fBmtasc\fR does not have a manual page.
.PP
\fBmtasc\fR compiles ActionScript 2 files to Flash (SWF) files.
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBmtasc\fP [options] <files...>
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
The options are processed from left to right. All of the options use a single dash.
.TP
\fB\-pack\fR <path>
Compile all files in target package.
.TP
\fB\-cp\fR <path>
Add classpath.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Turn on verbose mode.
.TP
\fB\-strict\fR
Turn on strict mode.
.TP
\fB\-infer\fR
Turn on local variables inference.
.TP
\fB\-wimp\fR
Turn on warnings for unused imports.
.TP
\fB\-msvc\fR
Use MSVC style errors.
.TP
\fB\-mx\fR
Use precompiled mx package.
.TP
\fB\-swf\fR <file>
Input SWF file to update.
.TP
\fB\-out\fR <file>
SWF output file.
.TP
\fB\-keep\fR
Do not remove AS2 classes from input SWF.
.TP
\fB\-frame\fR <frame>
Export into target frame (it must exist in the SWF).
.TP
\fB\-main\fR
Enable the main entry point.
.TP
\fB\-header\fR <header>
Specify header format. The format of this option is 'width:height:fps',
where fps means frames per second.
.TP
\fB\-group\fR
Group classes into a single clip
.TP
\fB\-exclude\fR <file>
Exclude classes listed in a file.
.TP
\fB\-version\fR
Change SWF version (6,7,8,...)
.TP
\fB\-trace\fR <function>
Specify a TRACE function.
.TP
\fB\-help\fR or \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a list of options and what they do.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
The mtasc website (http://www.mtasc.org) and the mtasc osflash page (http://osflash.org/mtasc).
